Like the Scarlet letter, like how, how old is the Scarlet letter?
And we're still doing that now. McCarthyism. Yeah, right? Yeah.
This is something that we we're we're prone to it. Do you.
Think it's because people are scared that they're gonna get called out on it
themselves. So when they see someone who's doing something wrong,
like go after 'em attack 'em with everything,
they have's almost to divert any sort of,
because people are scared that people are gonna turn am.
Especially in this day and age, when the people turn on people for like,
you know, the Garrison Keeler story. Mm-m <negative>,
he's the saddest story in this, me too stuff.
Because Garrison Keeler is a guy who had the lake will be gone Chronicles as
this PBS show.
Its radio shows ongoing for decades and he's a writer and he
hugged a woman. She, he was, he was consoling her. He hugged her.
And apparently, while he was hugging her,
his arm went down her back on her back and he apologized,
she pulled away. He apologized, he sent her a letter. He apologized, you know,
he said, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that. She says don't wor no worries.
Don't worry about it. Years later, when all this me too frenzy, she, this up,
he gets fired. They pull his name off the shop for touching a girl's back.
It's CR it's. Like the frenzy was so hot.
They didn't wanna be accused of not doing anything. So they pulled this guy.
I know. And you know, there's the worst side of it, right?
There's the Harvey Weinsteins of the world. There's the, there's the,
there's the people that are absolutely monsters. Right. There's those.
But then there's people that just got caught up in the wave of outrage.
And it's just, it's a strange, a strange time. Like the there's no balance.
To it. Well, the pendulum's gonna swing swing until, you know,
our attitudes balance out. I mean, this, the fact, the me,
the me too movement is not a bad thing.
Cuz it's bring up some serious issues that we've had in. Our's a good,
a good thing. It's a great thing to happen. Yeah. So, but in the meantime,
there's gonna be collateral damage for that until we now get back to a time
where we can, like men will act like gentlemen and we'll be able to have
interpersonal relationships with women at work and in a setting and make it
professional. But at the same time, we also don't want to sterile environment.
Right. You know, when you go, when you go to these like seminars, cause like,
even for our show now, because of all this, you have to have like a,
a sexual harassment meeting before you start. Well.
They had those in the nineties. Exactly.
I went to those for hardball show that I was on in 94.
But one of the things they always say, cuz you can't define this. Right.
You know it, when you see it.
Well, that's what they used to say about pornga.
But that's what we've lost that ability to understand that.
Like I think that that applies to.
Legally. That's not a good definition. It's a problem know.
But, but it, it, but that is the definition, right?
It's the same thing that goes with oversenitivity mm-hmm <affirmative> I think
that too, right. We should know it when we see it and we, we're not,
we're not recognizing that. It's like, you know, you're acting,
this is a bit much right now sometimes. Did you hear.
About the two college kids that got drunk and had sex and the boy, uh,
upon waking up and sobering up,
decided to preemptively accuse the girl of sexual assault
because he was intoxicated. So he filed and went after her,
she got suspended from school. They had to do it because otherwise, you know,
they would be sexist cuz they do it all the time. If it's a boy and a girl,
it's always thought that if a boy like, do you know the ocental college story?
Mm-mm <negative> so pretty famous story from a few years back where these two
kids, they were in college, uh, the guy called texts, the girl, you know,
I'm coming over. She's like, do you have condoms? He says, yes. You know like,
so clearly intent has been established, right? Goes over, has sex with her.
Her friends convince her because she was intoxicated that it was sex, uh,
under the influence. So it was rape.
And so she goes to the university officials and they, they suspend the boy.
He sues and wins.
And the whole thing is the whole thing's chaos because this kid gets kicked
outta school. And actually did he win?
I need to know that if he won let's check. I fact check. Yeah.
Let's fact check that ental but.
Now you gotta have a now to even interact with him when you have to have a
notary. Well, that's what they're.
Saying. People.
Video, I consent to, you know.
So here's where it gets even screwier there was a real article the other day
that was saying,
is it physically possible for two people to simultaneously sexual assault each
other? And they're,
they're debating this in a college cuz they're trying to figure out if two
people are both drunk and like they get together and they're both sloppy and
hammered and they decide to have sex. Do they both sexually assault each other?
Isn't this it's really about choices that we make.
Well, it's also about taking responsibility for your actions.
If you're an adult,
if you decide to get in your car and you're drunk and you plow into a bus and
kill a bunch of people, no one says, oh, Eric was just drunk.
He is not responsible for his actions. You're responsible for your actions.
If you're drunk, if you're driving a car and he kills somebody,
but the idea is a girl comes over your house and you're drunk. And you know,
you're not responsible for your actions then,
especially if you're a girl and you're drunk,
you're not responsible for your actions. Then if you're having sex with a guy,
but you're definitely responsible for your actions.
If you're a girl and you get in a car and drive and hit someone and kill.
But at the same, but at the same time though, like a girl,
a girl or anyone should be allowed to be with her friends
or with his friends and you get sloppy drunk, uh, and.
You're protected. You.
Should take care of you should be, you should be.
It's not okay that somebody decided to like go further with it. Well, you.
Know, well the most egregious case is obviously Cosby, cuz that was his,
his thing. I mean,
if he did do what everybody's accusing him of doing and we have no reason to
think he didn't,
he was taking people that thought of him as a mentor and thought that he was
gonna help their career. Right. And that's, that was his hustle.
And he would just drug him and they'd wake up with their,
sore and their pants off and not knowing what happened and be super confused.
It's horrible. I mean, that's, that's the worst version.
That's the worst version of it. And then, but then it's like, you know,
this is one of those things where I'm saying it's like this, that,
that it's hard to define. There's no like real definition.
You can't put it down in writing to say like, this is what this is.
Because then you got a situation where you're out on a date with someone,
things are going well, you think it's going well, you get into bed.
And then that person in what, for whatever reason decides, uh,
I think we should stop. I don't wanna do this anymore. And that, that,
that could be, that could be on the same level as druging.
Somebody, a Z and sorry case or clubbing him on the head. That girl writes a,
that crazy story. The 5,000 word story.
That disease is a bizarre thing is just about him not being a gentleman. Right.
That's.
All that was not just dad,
but she was just grossed out by it and decided to go after him.
But you know, I know I can understand being in a situation like, like, you know,
people got on the woman cuz they were like, you know what, Hey,
you still blew him three times. Right? Yeah.
But understand that being in a situation where you're like you're because this
happened to me. All right. I, I, I was at a comedy club, you know,
I told this girl, this was years ago. I told this guy, I said, she was like,
I'm coming back to your hotel. Like, you know, no, I don't think you should.
I didn't want to. I wasn't like I wasn't. She forced herself on you. It wasn't.
I mean, you just explained. Imagine if you were a girl.
I that's, that's where.
It gets really scary. Oh. But first of all, everything she's saying to me,
right this whole night up, up to getting to my hotel.
If I would've done that to a woman is right. Assault abuse,
like threatening from the jump you heard Ali won. Talk about this. I mean, no,
but this is what happened. So I get I say to her, uh, I was like,
I don't think I said, I wasn't really intoing I at the time I wasn't, I,
I don't know if this is a good idea, you know, I think you should go home,
you know? And then she's like, no, I'll walk you to your hotel.
Cause we were hanging out all this sta everybody's hanging out this place after
the Sunday night show, you know, I said, okay, we get to the hotel. I go, well,
thanks for walking me. But I think you should prob no, you know,
I' wanna clean your Dick with I know. Yeah, yeah. You know, I was like, that's,
you know, it's like, uh, I, I would give you a massage.
It was all this kind of stuff. Whoa. I'm like, I think you should go.
I'm not really. And then, then my ego kicks in. Cause I'm like, well, you know,
all right, you, you like me like this. Okay. So we get up,
we finally get upstairs. I still am like, maybe we, I,
maybe we shouldn't do this. You know? And then she starts to like,
oh, you're oh,
because you're not into it's because I'm I'm hideous or whatever.
So now I felt like, oh, I'd have to her. <laugh> yeah.
I felt, I felt like I gotta do this.
It's like I had to do this because I don't want to become across.
Like I'm you know what I'm saying about the reason how I apply this to the
disease situation is the fact that this girl is in a situation where she feels
like, I guess I have to do this. Like I may not wanna.
Do it. I don't know we're were speculating. You know, I can say.
You I've been in a situation where I didn't necessarily wanna do it,
but I felt like the social pressure of like, well, man,
I have to follow through with what I'm doing right now. No, I get.
It. Yeah. That's definitely.
Probably. And then in the morning I,
I have to fly when we're not even in the morning, I said, I're finish.
And I'm like I said, Hey, you know, you gotta go because I gotta pack.
And she started to cry. Oh boy. And I thought this, if this was happening,
now this could be a situation.
It could easily be somebody she could tell her story differently.
So we don't know. That's why there's no rules.
What this lady did was she was aggressive and flirting and she wanted what she
wanted and she got it. You know? So that sometimes is okay,
depending on the person that you're dealing with,
but that same situation with someone else, right. Could be no,
this was horrible. Right. I, I, I felt, I felt intimidated. I felt, you know,
it's all in how you, you interpret it, interpret.
It. Yeah. Yeah. It's definitely,
it depends on who's talking and whether or not you're tracked each, like,
here's a perfect example. If you and your girlfriend, um,
decided to get drunk and uh,
your girlfriend was drunk and she called you up and said, uh, come on over,
you know, uh, you know, I'm horny. I want you to me.
If you went over and did it,
you would in some people's eyes be guilty of sexual assault.
I know because she was drunk and she couldn't consent.
And this is why I'd never done that. By the way, my,
one of my ex-girlfriends was like that. She wanted to get drunk. Really.
She was like, I just wanna have sex when I'm drunk. You know,
I just couldn't do it. I didn't.
Feel more nervous about it.
I, it wasn't about, it's just, it was just me personally. I, I don't drink. Oh,
you don't drink at all. I don't drink at all. So, oh. I,
I always felt like if I'm not drinking, it just feels like,
what if she says she wants to do something right. That like,
she doesn't normally want to do. Right.
And then she's gonna get sober and be like,
why did you do that to my butt hole or whatever? <laugh> you know what I mean?
Like, why did, and you're like, what? But you said she goes,
cause it'll always come back to, well, you know, I was drunk. Right.
And I didn't really mean I didn't, you know, then I'm like, okay,
I don't wanna be the choice maker in that situation. Well, that's.
The best thing about not drinking right. In that situation. If you don't drink,
you never have to think like that.
But, but that's why sometimes I don't want to hang out.
That's why sometimes I don't want to hang out with people that are like that,
get right. Dumb, drunk you're out. And then, then I become responsible.
Oh, well what's the worst when you're sober.
Yeah. It's like, whoa, I don't wanna deal with this because they, their.
Behavior is so gross. Gross.
Yeah. You know, then you see your friend,
especially if you have like a female friend, you're not,
you're not like that with them. Right. But then you're out and then she's,
you know, her skirt's coming up and you see the creepy guy,
you see the guy that she's like, oh, the guy like, oh man, what do right now?
Like if I don't stop her from going,
and then something happens that she doesn't want to happen. Is it my fault?
Stop her. And she's like, you're a hater. Right. I love him. Yeah.
He is so cute. Oh.
And we were gonna have an amazing time and you hate her.
This, all this Harvey Weinstein and all this kind of, it's set, you know,
its set ugly dudes back like 20 years.
<laugh> all my advances that I've made with hot chicks has just been like,
I'm so glad I have are friend doing this time, but you're.
Not power. Here's the thing. It's not about ugly.
It's about Harvey Weinstein being in control of a studio. Exactly. And,
and scaring all those girls into him and allegedly raping some of them,
you know, I mean, I don't know what he did or didn't do, but he definitely,
he did a lot of.
I wish I just wish that a lot of these people, I wish it's too.
Maybe now people will have the courage to like come out.
Cause it's such certain, cause it' suck to hear about like, you know,
this happened to Angelina Jolie and then like, oh, so then she,
there was a certain time when she was like right.
The most famous woman in Hollywood. And she didn't say anything about,
I still didn't say anything. Yeah. So it sucks that we lived in a black ball.
I know it sucks that we live in a culture. Like, so maybe what that's,
why some innocent people are getting, getting caught in the crossfire. Right.
So we can obliterate this sort of behavior and attitude from our culture.
But in the meantime, while we're going through this,
there's gonna be some kilos and there's gonna be some people that yeah.
Are gonna get caught in the crossfire. Did you.